doc: application: Explain Zephyr application CMakeLists.txt (#39072)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/application/index.rst

   .. code-block:: cmake

      cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.20.0)

      find_package(Zephyr)
      project(my_zephyr_app)

      target_sources(app PRIVATE src/main.c)

   ``cmake_minimum_required()`` is required to be in your
   :file:`CMakeListst.txt` by CMake. It is also invoked by the Zephyr
   package. The most recent of the two versions will be enforced by
   CMake.

   ``find_package(Zephyr)`` pulls in the Zephyr build system, which
   creates a CMake target named ``app`` (see :ref:`cmake_pkg`). Adding
   sources to this target is how you include them in the build.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe at this location we should also inform the user of a couple of more details like:
```suggestion
The Zephyr package will define ``Zephyr-Kernel`` as a CMake project and enable support for the ``C``, `CXX``, ``ASM`` languages.
```

>    ``project(my_zephyr_app)`` must be called after
>    ``find_package(Zephyr)`` in order to let the Zephyr package perform
>    its own toolchain testing and presetting variables before CMake
>    does.

Reviewer: If you describe above that Zephyr also calls `project`, then it is clearer that the samples own `project()` must come after Zephyr.

How about:
```suggestion
``project(my_zephyr_app)`` is required for defining your application project.
  This must be called after ``find_package(Zephyr)`` to avoid interference with Zephyr's ``project(Zephyr-Kernel)``.
```
